Make wording re manual flag more explicit (#10781)
haskell/cabal: doc/cabal-package-description-file.rst

    :default: ``False``
    :since: 1.6

      By default, Cabal tries to resolve dependencies using the flag's ``default`` value.

>       If that fails, it retires with the negated default value. However, if the flag is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      If that fails, it tries again with the negated default value. However, if the flag is
```

or `retries` (there was a typo).

Author: thanks @jasagredo
